---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postman_environment Data Source - postman"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source postman_environment fetches a Postman Environment.
---

# postman_environment (Data Source)

The data source postman_environment fetches a Postman Environment.

~> **Warning** The Terraform Provider for Postman makes use of the Postman API. Before proceeding, please ensure you have checked your Postman API usage plans on your personal/team account [resource usage page](https://web.postman.co/billing/add-ons/overview).

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
data "postman_environment" "example" {
  id = "f72b0665-c333-4c3d-8e03-1dfd608a9933"
  workspace = "740eb533-af85-4ed5-9708-f6f25f1ecc84"
}
```

### Default workspace

```terraform
data "postman_environment" "example" {
  id = "f72b0665-c333-4c3d-8e03-1dfd608a9933"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The environment's ID.

### Optional

- `is_public` (Boolean) If true, the environment is public.
- `owner` (String) The environment owner's ID.
- `values` (Attributes List) The environment's values. If defined, existing values will be overridden. This can be bypassed through the use of lifecycle.ignore_changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))
- `workspace` (String) The environment's workspace ID. If not specified, the default workspace is used.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time at which the environment was created.
- `name` (String) The environment's name.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time at which the environment was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the value is enabled. Default: `true`
- `type` (String) The environment value's key. Valid values: default|secret|any. Default: `default`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The environment value's key.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The environment value's value.
