---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postman_workspace Resource - postman"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# postman_workspace (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage postman workspace.
resource "postman_workspace" "example" {
  name = "My Workspace"
  type = "personal"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The workspace's name.
- `type` (String) The type of workspace. One of: personal|team

### Optional

- `description` (String) The workspace's description.

### Read-Only

- `apis` (Attributes List) The Workspace's APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apis))
- `collections` (Attributes List) The workspace's Collections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collections))
- `created_at` (String) The date and time at which the workspace was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user ID of the user who created the workspace.
- `environments` (Attributes List) The Workspace's Environments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments))
- `id` (String) The workspace's ID.
- `mocks` (Attributes List) The Workspace's Mocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mocks))
- `monitors` (Attributes List) The Workspace's Monitors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitors))
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time at which the workspace was last updated.
- `updated_by` (String) The user ID of the user who last updated the workspace.
- `visibility` (String) The workspace's visibility. [Visibility](https://learning.postman.com/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/managing-workspaces/#changing-workspace-visibility) determines who can access the workspace.

<a id="nestedatt--apis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apis`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Workspace API.
- `name` (String) The name of the Workspace API.
- `uid` (String) The UID of the Workspace API.


<a id="nestedatt--collections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collections`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the workspace Collection.
- `name` (String) The name of the workspace Collection.
- `uid` (String) The UID of the workspace Collection.


<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Workspace Environment.
- `name` (String) The name of the Workspace Environment.
- `uid` (String) The UID of the Workspace Environment.


<a id="nestedatt--mocks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mocks`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Workspace Mock.
- `name` (String) The name of the Workspace Mock.
- `uid` (String) The UID of the Workspace Mock.


<a id="nestedatt--monitors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitors`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Workspace Monitor.
- `name` (String) The name of the Workspace Monitor.
- `uid` (String) The UID of the Workspace Monitor.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Workspace can be imported by specifying the UUID identifier.
terraform import postman_workspace.example 8ce9271d-d4ea-458c-8aef-02cf08ca9558
```
